Kelly, &ldquo;why this case is getting so much atteotinn, while other murders involving African American children and teens get so little.&rdquo;She then played a clip from Monday&rsquo;s edition of The Rush Limbaugh Show, where the conservative radio host shared that &ldquo;it is the left that doesn&rsquo;t see the humanity in people, they see the surface. It&rsquo;s the left who sees black and white, male and female, gay and straight, whatever, because they groupify everybody and victimize everybody. They don&rsquo;t ever just see people.&rdquo;Kelly invited Fox News analyst Bernard Goldberg onto the show to discuss the matter. &ldquo;While no decent person is happy about what happened, no matter what your politics,&rdquo; he said of the shooting, &ldquo;there are some people whose purposes are served by what happened. And I&rsquo;ll tell you about the two: The national media. The national media doesn&rsquo;t do stories about black-on-black crime. It doesn&rsquo;t interest them. They don&rsquo;t do stories about black-on-white crime, which happens in far, far greater numbers than white-on-black crimes. They don&rsquo;t do those stories either. But this is like a movie script handed to them from Hollywood. &lsquo;Oh my goodness! A white guy &mdash; or, in this case, a white Hispanic guy &mdash; shoots an unarmed black kid. Perfect story.&rdquo;Goldberg pointed to the media&rsquo;s pervading descriptions of Zimmerman&rsquo;s race and ethnicity, opining that, if he had done something positive, he&rsquo;d have solely been described as &ldquo;Hispanic&rdquo; (or, perhaps, Latino), rather than as a &ldquo;white Hispanic.&rdquo;&ldquo;He&rsquo;s only a white Hispanic,&rdquo; said Goldberg, &ldquo;because they need the word &lsquo;white&rsquo; to further the storyline, which is &lsquo;white, probably racist vigilante shoots unarmed black kid.&rsquo;&rdquo;The civil rights establishment, Goldberg continued, is the second group this crime serves. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s like &lsquo;here we are,&rsquo;&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;&lsquo;Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson &mdash; we&rsquo;re relevant again.&rsquo;&rdquo;&ldquo;Race,&rdquo; he continued, &ldquo;is the wound in this country that never seems to heal.&rdquo;Black men named Trayvon get killed all of the time in America, so why does the left fail to express consistent outrage? Is there something different about the slaying of Trayvon Martin&rsquo;s death, or is the real problem that the left tolerates extraordinary violence against black men in America?April 10, 2012Zimmerman family asks Holder why no Black Panther arrests This is a question I've been wondering myself. Here we have a racist organization literally putting a bounty of $10,000 on the head of George Zimmerman dead or alive and Eric Holder has done nothing. The New Black Panthers are inciting violence against a private US citizen while stoking the fires of race hatred and the Attorney General the highest ranking law enforcement official in the country stays mum and inactive.Is it because of Holder's race that he refuses to arrest the Black Panthers? Zimmerman's family thinks so.The Daily Caller:In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday, obtained exclusively by The Daily Caller, a family member of George Zimmerman asked the nation's top law enforcement officer why he has chosen to not arrest members of the New Black Panther Party for their rhetoric some of which may fit the federal government's definition of a hate crime throughout the Trayvon Martin case.The family member believes the reason Holder hasn't made those arrests is because he, like the members of the New Black Panther Party, is black. I am writing you to ask you why, when the law of the land is crystal clear, is your office not arresting the New Black Panthers for hate crimes? the family member wrote to Holder. The Zimmerman family is in hiding because of the threats that have been made against us, yet the DOJ has maintained an eerie silence on this matter. These threats are very public. If you haven't been paying atteotinn just do a Google search and you will find plenty. Since when can a group of people in the United States put a bounty on someone's head, circulate Wanted posters publicly, and still be walking the streets? The New Black Panthers have issued ultimatums to the Sanford authorities, saying they want Zimmerman arrested dead or alive. They have placed a bounty on Zimmerman's head, and have called for the building of an army of vigilantes to track him down and effect a citizen's arrest.Most recently, the New Black Panther Party has called for violence.What is it about the New Black Panther Party that keeps Eric Holder from prosecuting them? He dropped charges against them for standing outside of a polling place and threatening white voters with clubs. And now, he stays silent as they whip up a frenzy of hate against George Zimmerman a man not arrested or convicted of any crime.Accusing the attorney general of racism is a serious charge but Holder has brought it on himself by being curiously inactive while the New Black Panther Party stalks George Zimmerman. 1,018 Black Americans murdered by Black Americans since Trayvon Martin&rsquo;s death| April 13, 2012But who&rsquo;s counting?To be exact, the shameful truth is that 93% of African-American murders are committed by other African-Americans. That is breathtakingly awful when you consider how incensed the African-American community is about the Trayvon tragedy, no matter what you believe about Zimmerman&rsquo;s guilt.Let&rsquo;s do the gruesome math, not out of morbidity, but because it manifests the incredible self-centered insanity of people like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton.8,000-9,000 African-Americans are murdered each year.93% of them by other African-Americans.Black-on-black victims could fill our stadiumsJOHN W. FOUNTAINLast Modified: May 6, 2012Imagine Soldier Field beyond capacity, brimming with 63,879 young African-American men, ages 18 to 24 &mdash; more than U.S. losses in the entire Vietnam conflict.Imagine the University of Michigan&rsquo;s football stadium &mdash; the largest in the U.S. &mdash; filled to its limit of 109,901 with black men, age 25 and older. Now add 28,223 more &mdash; together totaling more than U.S. deaths in World War I.Picture two UIC Pavilions packed with 12,658 Trayvon Martins &mdash; black boys, ages 14 to 17 &mdash; nearly twice the number of U.S. lives lost in Iraq and Afghanistan.Now picture all of them dead. The national tally of black males 14 and older murdered in America from 1976 through 2005, according to U.S. Bureau of Justice statistics: 214,661.The numbers tell only part of the story of this largely urban war, where the victims bear an uncanny resemblance to their killers. A war of brother against brother, filled with wanton and automatic gunfire, even in the light of day, on neighborhood streets, where little boys make mud pies, schoolgirls jump rope, where the innocent are caught in the crossfire, where the spirit of murder blows like the wind.It is, so far, a ceaseless war in which guns are often the weapon of choice, and the finger on the trigger of the gun pointed at a black male is most often another black male&rsquo;s.The numbers alone are enough to make me cry &mdash; to wonder why &mdash; we as African Americans will march en masse over one slain by someone who is not black, and yet sit silent over the hundreds of thousands of us obliterated from this mortal world by someone black like us, like me. It is a numbing truth borne out by hard facts:From 1980 through 2008, 93 percent of black victims were killed by blacks.Translation: For every Trayvon Martin killed by someone not black, nine other blacks were murdered by someone black.In 2005, we &mdash; blacks &mdash; accounted for 13 percent of the U.S. population but 49 percent of all homicides. The numbers are staggering, the loss incomprehensible.Add to the tally of black males 14 and older slain across the country from 1976 to 2005, another 29,335 (slain from 2006 to 2010), and their national body count rises to 243,996, representing 82 percent of all black homicides for that 35-year period. What also becomes clear is this: We too often have raised killers. And this war is claiming our sons.But that&rsquo;s still not the end of the story. Add to that number 51,892 black females ages 14 and older, plus five whose gender was not identifiable, and the total, not counting children, is 295,893 &mdash; more than the combined U.S. losses of World War I, the Vietnam, Korean and Mexican-American wars, the War of 1812 and the American Revolutionary War.Is the blood of these sons and daughters somehow less American?Two hundred ninety-five thousand eight hundred ninety-three . . .Imagine the United Center, Wrigley Field, U.S. Cellular Field and Soldier Field nearly all filled simultaneously with black boys, girls, men and women. Now imagine that twice over. Now imagine them all dead.As far as I can see, that&rsquo;s at least 295,893 reasons to cry. And it is cause enough for reticent churches, for communities, for lackadaisical leaders, for all people &mdash; no matter our race, color or creed &mdash; to find the collective will and the moral resolve to stamp out this human rights atrocity occurring right under our noses.Just imagine the human caracnage and the toll to us all if we don&rsquo;t.I can&rsquo;t. I won&rsquo;t.
