Sorry for delay in responding:- No to prative jet - sadly no one offered to pay!- While there's no beverage I would refuse if kindly offered, I am primarily a wine guy who also likes single malt scotch, bourbon and martinis.- David Emerson's departure - I predict he will be back in some function but not likely as Senator - that would be too much even for Stephen Harper, given his party's commitment to an elected Senate.- 2-Tier BC Hydro rates are a duck blind for the radical increases in electricity rates due to privatization of power production - the run-of-the-riverboat scam. There are additional huge rate hikes coming that are separate from the alleged &quot;green&quot; rate differential. See BC Citizens for Public Power for more info.- I think the Conservatives stand an excellent chance of a majority government due to the weakness of the Liberals and obviously leader Stephane Dion's unpopularity. But two things have been constants in federal politics - the Liberals' ability to win and the Conservatives ability to screw up a good thing - check the history books.- I don't understand the reference to NDP MP Peter Julian. The NDP may well benefit in some ridings from a Liberal collapse, including Kingsway and the Surrey ridings but it can also hurt them elsewhere.- Thanks to BC Mary for covering the Paul Battershill case - it is indeed troubling that a police chief can be taken out over what appear to be at worst lapses in moral judgment on the personal front. I believe there was an internal battle that Battershill lost over control of the department, with his enemies using his personal situation against him.- Lastly, there is no way - nor should there be - that GG Jean can possibly ask Dion to form a government. I would have my doubts even if a resolution asking her to do so passed in Parliament but certainly nothing short of that would give her reason to consider it. Harper is, in my view, totally within his rights to ask her for an election - even though it is totally hypocritical given his and his party's introduction of fixed term elections.Back in 24 hours Tuesday, on CKNW Monday a half hour early - 9:30 a.m. and on CITY TV Monday at about 8:20 a.m. to discuss the federal election with my colleague Erin Airton - tune in!
