URLs are one of the most important of all on-page emeetlns.Length The shorter the URL, the better.Description A good URL will describe the content of the page. A potential visitor should be able to see the URL address in the search results or their browser address bar and make an easy guess as to the content of the page. Be Sensitive To Case URLs can be constructed using upper and lowercase or a mixture of both. Better using lower case.Use Hyphens There are no longer any hard and fast rules that say hyphens are better than underscores, but using a hyphen instead of an underscore is much more human-friendly, making it easier for your intended visitors to remember the page address. Stick With One Structure When you have decided on a URL structure, put that thinking into practice across the site, not just in one or two categories. Having the same rules throughout such as always using a hyphen in multiple-word URLs will make future development much easier as there will be a standard convention to follow. Your Choice Of File Extension Matters Your most common file extensions will probably be .html, .php, or .asp Google s Matt Cutts has gone on record as saying the search engine is happy to crawl any of those pages and it doesn t really matter which extension you choose of the three. Many of the concepts that relate to SEO but are not core to SEO are covered in other modules. Modules in our training courses include:From year 2004, search engine companies begin to promote their paid search engine marketing service in Hong Kong (Google Adwords/Yahoo Search Marketing HK). Business people has begun to understand and knew the value of search engine marketing. Some web hosting and web development companies think that it is a business opportunity and claim that they can do SEO and help you position websites in top of search results. Unluckily, they only help you to open a paid search marketing account in Yahoo! Search Marketing Hong Kong/Overture HK or Google Adwords and eat up some of your budget as service fee. No matter you open an account yourself or use those service provider, you require to bid and pay for each click in search engines. It is fine if you only focus in local market and just want short term traffic because the cost is still low (will be increased over time). If you want to target for overseas market as well, you will find that the budget will be very costly (pay US$2 per click is quite common, and some keywords are more than US$30 per click).* Why Search is so Powerful. Introduction article explains why search is unlike any other type of marketing.* Search Engines. Compares and contrasts how to optimize for engines like Google, Yahoo! Search, and Microsoft's Live Search. Also discusses search engine submission, the history of search, and vertical search.* Off Site SEO. Includes many modules about link building, web directories, social interaction, blogging, and viral marketing.* Writing for Search Engines. includes information about keyword research, on page optimization, user interaction with search results, site architecture, and robots control.* Buying and selling Tips to help make the transaction go as smooth as possible either way.
